Add cleanup rules to delete Globalnet annotations (#567)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/operations/cleanup/_index.en.md

   ```bash
   ip link delete vx-submariner
   ```

8. If Globalnet release 0.9 (or earlier) is enabled in the setup, issue the following commands to remove the
   annotations from all the Pods and Services.

   For each participating cluster, issue the following command:

   ```bash

>    for ns in `kubectl get ns | awk '{print $1}'`; do kubectl annotate pods -n $ns --all submariner.io/globalIp-; done
>    for ns in `kubectl get ns | awk '{print $1}'`; do kubectl annotate services -n $ns --all submariner.io/globalIp-; done

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   for ns in `kubectl get ns -o jsonpath="{.items[*].metadata.name}"`; do
       kubectl annotate pods -n $ns --all submariner.io/globalIp-
       kubectl annotate services -n $ns --all submariner.io/globalIp-
   done
```
